there are five goals of tools that are
to be found in the water temple in the
South Corridor and when the water is all
the way down there is your first one you
can find just use a bomb on the Alaba
looking will floor piece and then you
can sink down and follow this corridor
until you get to the end step on the
switch here to raise the water this hole
will give you a target you can hook shop
to once you get up here you kill the
enemies you can want to get past to the
switchback here
unfortunately bombs don't give you
enough radius of a blast they don't go
through this grading but you can use a
spin attack so charge one up and then
let it rip in order to hit the switch
and this will raise the grading once you
get back here there is a goal so two of
the even sandals so just jump grab the
token
[Music]
the next one is found on the vortex
camera and simply put the iron booth so
you get down low and you'll see the
score goal so tool that is up against
the wall so simply use your long shot to
collect the token now when you return to
the main room after getting a long shot
the water should be at the highest point
you want to head over into the store
when doorway up on the side that leads
back to the waterfall that Euless
descending down at this point you want
to fill the keys that are bucking back
and then you can now leave the bolsa
tool of this off on the right side that
you could not reach before so you can
just stay at this platform right here
and you can collect the token
once you have the long shot you want to
return to the center pillar and then you
want to raise the water up to the second
floor and then at that point you can get
on top of the platform's up there and
you can turn around and there is a goal
so Tula that is up high that now you can
reach
[Music]
the final gulsta tool is found in the
folder the rolling ball to room you
return here from this upper platform you
have to sink down into this water over
here if bolsa Tula is waiting right in
your path how considerate of it
you